what if the world is just a big
disappointment
unless do you take the things that you
don't like about this world and you flip
them upside down and you can start that
today that's me and that's three people
and I'm going to help them and they do
it for the other people and they do it
for free more but it has to be something
really big something they can't do by
themselves kashikar
that's a key observation I could help
you you're giving me a brand-new Jaguar
and you don't want anything call it
generosity between two strangers what
did you tell my son to make him bring a
homeless man into my house I've got a
story okay senior partner candy and moss
is giving away new car just pay it
forward three big favors for three other
people hello
you can't just put two people together
and make them like each other this is
the one paid for paying it forward it's
like this idea you can fix a person do
you want to come in and stay it's
complicated come here
it's supposed to be something hard I
don't care about your burns Eugene if
that's even what they are is that what
they I can't so sorry don't tell me how
sure you are for me maybe you're scared
to get rejected well I can't protect you
you're too quick for me are you still
gonna pay it forward give her another
chance
I want to wear the green dress are you
sure
hey if Oregon the movement its reach
that way mr. Han the movement
so you'll like flunk us we don't change
the world she might just squeak by with
a sea